Add faqs (#7419)
exercism/v3-website: bootcamp_content/faqs.md

# FAQs

## Asking Questions

Asking good questions is absolutely key to getting the most out of the Bootcamp.

> Jeremy and the mentor are here to help answer yoru questions and help you get unstuck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jeremy and the mentors are here to help answer your questions and help you get unstuck.
```

**Asking questions is part of the Bootcamp. Do not feel like it is a failure or a weakness or an inconvenince to us to ask questions.**

> The [first video (01:12:04)](https://www.youtube.com/live/bOAL_EIFwhg?si=9A4v_mx2s2b4sRsx&t=4324) Jeremy goes through all of this in great depth, including showing how to use Spoilers, Codeblocks, Discord and the Forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [first video (01:12:04)](https://www.youtube.com/live/bOAL_EIFwhg?si=9A4v_mx2s2b4sRsx&t=4324) Jeremy goes through all of this in great depth, including showing how to use spoilers, codeblocks, Discord and the Forum.
```

How to ask questions (no images, codeblock and spoiler, code and error).

Link to YouTube video one

### Using Codeblocks

When you share code anywhere, it's polite to use codeblocks.
Codeblocks format your code neatly so that people can read it, and copy and paste it easily.

You use codeblocks by putting three backticks around the code you want to share.

````
```
Put your code here.
```
````

Note that these are [backticks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backtick), not quotation marks.

> You can also highlight individual words in a sentence like `this one` by using single backticks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also format code in a sentence like `this one` by using single backticks.
```

### Using Spoilers

> One of the keys of the bootcamp is for students not to lose the opportunity to learn by seeing other people's code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is very important that students not to lose the opportunity to learn by seeing other people's code.
```

> So we ask that whenever you share code, or give away clues as to how to solve an exercise, you use "spoiler tags", which makes the text hidden until it's deliberately clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ask that whenever you share code, or give away clues as to how to solve an exercise, you use "spoiler tags", which makes the text hidden until it's deliberately clicked.
```

#### Spoilers On Discord

To use spoilers on Discord, you wrap whatever you want to hide in two bars (`||`).
You can use that to hide code (with codeblocks) or text.

For example:

````
Hi everyone, I'm stuck.

My code looks like this:
||```
some code here...
```||

I think the issue is with ||how I'm setting my variable||. Could anyone help please? Thanks!
````

#### Spoilers On the Forum

Using spoilers on the Forum is slightly different.

> There you wrap whatever you want to hide in `[Spoiler]...[/Spoiler]` tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There you wrap whatever you want to hide in `[spoiler]...[/spoiler]` tags.
```

For example:

````
Hi everyone, I'm stuck.

My code looks like this:
[Spoiler]```
some code here...

> ```[/Spoiler]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[spoiler]```
some code here...
```[/spoiler]
```

I think the issue is with [Spoiler]how I'm setting my variable[/Spoiler]. Could anyone help please? Thanks!
````

## Forum

The [forum](https://forum.exercism.org/) is our space for long-form discussions.

Sign up with your Exercism login details and you'll have access to the private [bootcamp area](https://forum.exercism.org/c/bootcamp/661) with four sections:

- [Bootcamp Annoucements](https://forum.exercism.org/c/bootcamp/bootcamp-meta/666): A space where we post anything important for you to know.
- [Bootcamp Exercise Help](https://forum.exercism.org/c/bootcamp/bootcamp-exercise-help/662): An area to get help on exercises.
- [Bootcamp Conceptual Help](https://forum.exercism.org/c/bootcamp/bootcamp-conceptual-help/663): An area to get help on the concepts you're learning.

> - [Bootcamp Meta Discussions](https://forum.exercism.org/c/bootcamp/bootcamp-meta/664): An area to have discussions about the bootcamp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bootcamp Meta Discussions](https://forum.exercism.org/c/bootcamp/bootcamp-meta/664): An area to have discussions about the bootcamp.
```

If you get stuck, this is the best place to ask for help.

## Discord

[Discord](https://exercism.org/r/discord) is our social space.

> We have a private #Bootcamp area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have private Bootcamp channels (`#bootcamp`, `#bootcamp-announcements` and `#bootcamp-creations`) for you.
```

To access it you need to connect your Discord and Exercism accounts.
[You do that here](https://exercism.org/settings/integrations).

> If after doing that, you still don't have access to #bootcamp, please ask for help in the public #bootcamp-signup-questions channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If after doing that, you still don't have access to #bootcamp channel, please ask for help in the public #bootcamp-signup-questions channel.
```
